It is tempting to think of the human brain (Lower mind) as a computer; indeed, there are similarities, but there are also some striking differences. Your cell phone is a computer in which the thinking (in fact, man-made software operating the central processor) is done by several billion transistors, which are as identical as technology can make them. They are connected to other transistors in a fixed manner to create what is known as an integrated circuit. This circuit is enclosed in plastic to prevent the transistors from being affected by changes in their immediate environment, and they are enclosed in a plastic casing that protects them even further. The human brain, by way of contrast, has ten times as many neurons as a cell phone has transistors, and no two of these neurons are alike. Furthermore, whereas the transistors in cell phones and the neurons in brains are both connected to form networks, the connections between transistors are fixed, while the connections between neurons routinely change with the passage of time, with new connections being formed and old connections disappearing. When you have a thought, it is because of electrochemical activity in your neurons, and when you begin to believe something new, it is because your neuronal connections have changed. This capacity to rewire is known among scientists as neuroplasticity. As we have seen, engineers go to great lengths to prevent the transistors in your cell phone from being affected by changes to their immediate environment. Your neurons, by way of contrast, are immersed in a solution whose chemical composition changes constantly; hormones and other chemicals highly affect your thinking and emotional state. 

In some situations, even your perceptional ability is altered, yet your brain's ability to adapt is not lost. As an example, give a pair of glasses to a person that turns all the person sees upside down, and soon enough, over a short period of time, new neuronal connections are formed, remedying the problem and turning the perception of the world into a usable state. The point made here is that a cellphone operates using a very fixed perception and limited resources: the battery, which routinely and with rather short intervals, needs recharging. Contrasting your neurons, which are set to last a lifetime. Allow me to make one more observation! It is amazing that a tangle of neurons immersed in a changeable chemical bath could give rise to consciousness. A consciousness capable of forming connections with the ability to be sensitive towards impressions from sources of consciousness not even present in a physical form to inspire new activities, forming new connections, and yet it does. I hope, like me, you are currently feeling the experience of awe

