[[Sensitivity]]]
 Thank you for your report and written work, which indicate that a beautiful and profound idea is gradually unfolding through your instrument of service, the personality, composed of multiple layers of consciousness, all capable of responding to a sensed reality and expressing a definite quality; The etheric, the astral, and the mental vehicles. This capability of responding to something sensed indicates that sensitivity is one of the key components defining consciousness in general. A comprehensive study of sensitivity, as a property of consciousness, holds the potential to unveil profound insights and lead to new and surprising understandings. This potential becomes even more apparent when considering the hypothesis that consciousness evolves as a continually increasing power to respond to a sensed reality. A sound understanding of this topic may prove valuable and transformative for the striving disciple, consciously walking the path of return. 
Suppose one pays attention to sensations, emotions, and thoughts, consciously letting them influence our lives without getting swept away by every little breeze that causes a ripple in our consciousness. Exposing oneself to such sensitive impressions unavoidably causes changes in one's somewhat habitual views and perspectives, leading to new and inspiring revelations directing one towards new fields of inspiring service activities. The questions arising are: what is sensitivity? And how does it evolve? The simple answer to the questions asked is experience; allow me to elaborate. Experience and sensitivity walk hand in hand and are mutually dependent upon each other. We cannot experience anything if sensitivity doesn't exist as a property innate to consciousness, and sensitivity cannot evolve if we do not undergo experiences, rendering us capable of responding to new enticing experiences in new ways; in other words, sensitivity must be wrought out in the furnace of life itself exposed to the fire of friction (The fire of mind), the fire of love (The solar fire) and the fire of spirit (Electric fire), of course leading to the next obvious question asked what is fire? And from where does this inner urge to development originate? And the simple answer is life. Life and fire are synonymous expressions (The same is true for sensitivity and consciousness) for the same thing and are nearly impossible to discuss. However, even though it is almost impossible to speak of life itself(simply because of the lack of a vocabulary), we can talk about how life affects every form it inhabits! It makes form pulsate (The spin of a galaxy is a pulse, the orbit of a Sun is a pulse, and the planet's orbit is a pulse). This pulsating life makes the form respond by seeking betterment for the expression of life itself, a fact that can be observed in the driving urge for betterment, which is the outstanding characteristic of the human animal. The disciple passes from discontent to discontent, driven by an inner something that constantly reveals an enticing vision of something more desirable than the present stage of experience initially interpreted in terms of material welfare. However, over time, this divine discontent drives the disciple into the phase of the struggle, whose nature is emotional. The disciple craves emotional satisfaction, leading to intellectual pursuits. All the time, this struggle to attain something ever on ahead creates and sharpens the instruments of attainment, gradually perfecting them until the threefold personality is ready for a vision of the soul, an incident, and the point in time where the disciple turns around and embarks on the long journey back building the form bridging the chasm in consciousness. At this moment in the evolutionary process of the disciple's consciousness, the faculties of visualisation and the creative imagination are deployed, undergoing training through experiments naturally leading to successes and failure (The nature of experiments, and an unfolding consciousness).    
Such experiments involve much work, much interpretive capacity and much power to visualise, a type of visualisation that is not necessarily concerned with form and with concrete mental presentations; it is concerned with a pictorial and symbolic sensitivity which expresses interpretively the spiritual understanding conveyed by the awakening intuition—the agent of the Spiritual Triad. The meaning of this becomes clearer as the work proceeds. It is difficult for someone who is beginning the work of constructing the form, bridging the chasm in consciousness, to fully grasp the meaning of visualisation as it is seen to be related to a growing Sensitivity to that which the Ashramic group conveys to him, in the form of what can be grasped of the Plan as it exists in reality to his emerging vision of the divine Plan. 

Det her er en tab
		det her er an anden tab
		Bedrend endu